In the last video, we added in a second argument to the subscribe call to set up that Q group.
Now it turns out that there are many other ways that we can customize a subscription.
Only the first two arguments that you see right here, which is the name of the channel we want to listen
for, and the Q group name are provided as simple strings.
All the other options that we're going to provide to a subscribed call are going to be a little bit
more complex to set up.
Let me first show you how we can set some other options and we'll describe some of the different options
that we very frequently want to change right above the subscription itself.
I'm going to create a new variable called Options, and I'm going to get this from Stan subscription
options like so.
Now for most libraries in the JavaScript world, you would expect to set some options by maybe passing
in an object to this or something like that.
Well, that's not how it works with the node in that streaming library.
Instead, if we want to set any additional options on this thing, we're going to change them on as
additional method calls.
So there are other options we can set on here, such as set deliver, all available.
Got a typo in there.
Available.
There's another option called set manual mode.
There's other options such as set max in flight.
So these are all different options we can set.
And to set them, we're going to change them on to the subscription options call.
So in total, we might decide to set several different options by doing something like Set Deliver all
available.
And then maybe something else like set.
Terrible name and so on.
So this is how we are going to eventually set options.
We chain on a bunch of additional method calls.
Right now, I do not want to set any of these options.
In particular, I just want to give you a quick demonstration.
So I'm going to delete those chained on statements.
After we create that options object, we will then provide it as the third argument to the subscribe
call.
So we will put in options right there like so.
All right.
So that is how we generally set options.
But what are some options we actually care about?
Well, let's now continue.
We're going to take a look at a diagram.
I'm going to show you one option that we're going to set for almost every subscription we create.
So let's go back to our scenario where we have two separate copies of the Order service.
Let's imagine that the Order Service has set up a queue group.
And then maybe our publisher publishes some event to this channel.
So as we just discussed, that streaming server is going to take this event.
It's going to look at all the members of this queue group and decide to send the event off to just one
of these services.
So maybe in this case, the event is sent off to the first copy of the Order Service.
So it's going to flow into the subscription.
And then maybe inside there we decide to do some processing on that event and save some information
to a database or something like that.
Now let's further imagine for just a moment that as we go and try to save some data to that database,
we fail entirely.
Maybe we temporarily, temporarily lose our connection to the database.
Maybe the database is down for some kind of upgrading or something like that.
Or maybe the information we're trying to save is just plain invalid, and the database rejects the insertion
or the save request.
So whatever it is, let's imagine that as we tried to save data, we fail with some kind of error.
Now, unfortunately, the default behavior, we can't change this and that's what we're going to use
that options object for.
The default behavior is to say that any time an event is received by a subscription, it is automatically
marked as, Hey, we receive the event, this thing has been processed, everything is good to go.
So the default behavior is if we end up with any kind of air inside of our subscription, when we receive
that event, the event is essentially lost and we do not get some follow up opportunity to process it
again or something like that.
Now I want to repeat for a third time, this is the default behavior and we can change it and we definitely
want to.
The reason we would want to change this default behavior is that maybe there's some really, really
critical information inside this event.
For example, maybe this event has some information about a payment that a user just made.
And we need to make sure that the order service knows that a payment was just created so that we can
actually ship them some goods or something like that.
So we really need to make sure that every single time we receive an event, if we end up with any kind
of error, we have to somehow figure out how we can reprocess this event or attempt to process it a
second time.
So to do so.
Like I said, we're going to add in an option to this options object.
In particular, we're going to add in an option.
Called set manual EQ mode and we're going to pass in true like so.
So what does this option do?
Well, as you can kind of guess from the name, it sets the manual EQ.
EQ is short for acknowledgement mode to true.
Like I said, the default behavior with all of our subscriptions is that as soon as we receive the event,
the no net streaming library is going to turn back around to the net server and say, Hey, we received
the event, everything is good to go.
But if we rely upon that default behavior, if anything goes incorrectly inside of our message handler
right here, then that's it.
We're never going to hear about this event again.
By setting manual mode to true.
The No Nat streaming library is no longer going to automatically acknowledge or tell the Nat streaming
library that we have received the event.
And instead it will be up to you and I to run some processing on that event, possibly save some information
to the database, and then after that entire process is complete.
Only after will we then acknowledge the message and say, okay, everything has been processed successfully.
If we do not acknowledge the incoming event, then the Nordstrom server is going to wait some amount
of time.
I believe it's 30 seconds by default.
And then after 30 seconds of not getting an acknowledgement, it's going to automatically decide to
take that event and send it on to some other member of that group.
Or possibly if there's if we're not a part of a group, just send it back to the same service again
and allow it to give it to have another shot at processing this thing.
So let's add on manual mode of true and then going to save this file and we're going to see what happens
if we do not add in any code to acknowledge that incoming event.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
Looks like they've both restarted.
They should now be in manual mode.
So I'm now going to send another event by doing it over here.
So let's see over here that now the second listener for me has received the event, but I am not going
to acknowledge it.
So right now that streaming server is pretty much just sitting there saying, okay, I sent them the
event, but I haven't heard back yet.
Gee, I sure hope everything is going okay and it's just sitting twiddling its thumbs, waiting to get
an acknowledgement for the event.
But we are not sending it because we are in manual mode.
You and I have to add in some code to manually say, Hey, we received this event.
And then after about 30 seconds, it looks like 30 seconds just passed.
And that streaming server eventually gives up and says, okay, I don't think they processed this event
successfully.
I'm just going to go ahead and send it to another copy or another member of this group or possibly the
same service if this thing is not a member of a queue group.
And so that's why after 30 seconds, we saw event number 59, which is the same one up here, up here.
Now, even for this first copy of the listener, we are not going to acknowledge this message either.
So after another 30 seconds, that streaming server is going to say, okay, they failed as well.
I'm going to try back with this original person down here.
So it's going to send off event 59.
Back to this first one again and again.
We're not going to acknowledge it.
Nats is going to wait another 30 seconds and i think you get the idea.
So we can fix this.
If we go back over to our subscription handler right here and then at some point in time inside of here,
we have to call MSG, dot EC, and that's pretty much it.
So Eck is going to tell the node net streaming library to reach back out to the gnat streaming server
and tell it Hey, we received the message and it has been processed.
So if we now save this.
Flip back over.
We are still processing event number 59.
So that message is still out there in the wild and that streaming server is still trying to successfully
deliver it to our cue group.
So now at some point in time, we should see that message appear after about 30 seconds or so inside
of these two windows.
One of these two.
And there it is right there.
So now we receive 59 for like the fifth time or so.
And as soon as we received it, we have now acknowledged that incoming event.
And since we have acknowledged it, now that streaming server says, okay, it's been delivered, I'm
done.
I don't have to worry about Event 59 anymore.
Now, quick note.
If you do not see after restarting this thing, if you do not see another console log right here of
event 59 or whatever number it is for you that is okay.
So as soon as you add it in this message, stack right here and then save the file.
If you did not see any further console logs, even if you dispatch another event, that is totally fine.
I'm going to show you why that is in just a little bit.
All right.
So in total.
That is.
Our option of set manual mode.
We put that in to make sure that we can successfully complete processing.
And if we do not complete processing, maybe there's some error inside of here.
We will not act the message.
And that means that Nat streaming server is going to try to re deliver that message again so we get
another opportunity to process it.
I apologize for this really long video, but as you can guess, this manual mode to true is an extremely
important setting because it's going to make sure that we always get the opportunity to process data
even if something goes wrong in processing it in some earlier attempt.
So let's pause right here and continue in just a moment.